THREESCALE-10792 - fix - Method is used by the latest gateway configuration and cannot be deleted (#932)
3scale/3scale-operator: doc/operator-application-capabilities.md

* **NOTE 1**: `httpMethod`, `pattern`, `increment` and `metricMethodRef` fields are required.
* **NOTE 2**: `metricMethodRef` holds a reference to the existing metric or method map key name `system_name`. In the example, `hits`.
* **NOTE 3**: It's recommended to add Mapping Rules via CR, to have the list of Rules  in UI and CR always consistent.
If rules added in UI only and  promoted - the warning message appears in Product CR like below. 
The same message appears if you delete at one time Method and Mapping Rule(s) using this method in CR. 
```
Product  Task failed SyncMethods: Error sync product methods [operatedproduct1]:   
Please check Mapping rules in UI and delete those Rules that not in Product CR, or add them to Product CR.   
Check rules in UI using method [method2].  product [operatedproduct1] delete method:   
error calling 3scale system - reason: {"errors":{"base":["Method is used by the latest gateway configuration and cannot be deleted"]}} - code: 403"
```
To avoid these warnings, please follow the recommenations in the warning message: `Please check Mapping rules in UI and delete those Rules that not in Product CR, or add them to Product CR.`  

> If you deleted both Method and Rule in CR - it's enough to delete only Rule in UI (and promote); the method will disappear. 

Author: updated. Thank you

* **NOTE 1**: `httpMethod`, `pattern`, `increment` and `metricMethodRef` fields are required.
* **NOTE 2**: `metricMethodRef` holds a reference to the existing metric or method map key name `system_name`. In the example, `hits`.
* **NOTE 3**: If you update Product CR and delete both Method and Mapping Rule using this method - please expect following behavior:
  - the Mapping Rule will be deleted immediately in 3scale Portal - Product/Integration/Mapping Rules 

>   - Warning appears in Product CR informs that the Method is used by the latest gateway configuration, it will be removed from 3scale only once the promotion without the mapping rule that uses the deleted method is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the configuration was promoted to stage or/and production a warning appears in Product CR informing that the Method is used by the latest gateway configuration, it will be removed from 3scale only once the promotion without the mapping rule that uses the deleted method is done.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!
